It seems that if Lu Qianguang was indeed replaced by someone
This painting
There are fewer strokes than Xiaoyaozi's just now.
Get this story today
No regrets in this life
How big is this loss?
Miss Lu, you really surprise me everywhere
Since someone really hit it
No, you must not let him take away your brother.
Even if you prove that the painting just now
What about being carved?
You just threatened to be Xiaoyaozi
After all, you lied and deceived Bo Lao
Because where did I get so much from?
Is this Xiaoyaozi's seal?
This one.
Husband you
This one is real.
Ok hahaha
Today is a double happiness.
I didn't expect my granddaughter-in-law
It turned out to be the immortal Xiaoyaozi I have admired for a long time
Grandpa Bo
This painting is given to you as a birthday present.
I wish you a happy birthday.
As for my marriage to my aunt
Or company
You want to break off the marriage
No, I don't agree.
Lu Qing must not be allowed to suffer from this bitch
Seduced my old brother away too
Breaking off the marriage is not what Bo Shao means
I'm just fulfilling you and Shen An'an
Before I found out the truth
Impossible to let you go
The marriage contract was made by the elders
You and I are not qualified to break off the marriage